editor_version2.html:

Focus on the folder @editor_version2.
This is a json editor that edits a json file (an object in the code) that stores information about a subway network. The network consists of lines, which consist of branches, which consist of stations. Each station might have checkpoints. All information can be edited. In addition, the positions (latitude, longtitudes) of stations can be edited by clicking on a map. There are also many different keys one can press to edit/delete stations and checkpoints.

Rules:
Only do the things specified in the prompt. Do not change parts of the code that I did not tell you to change.

Task:

For each station of each branch in the editor, add buttons called "move checkpoints up" and "move checkpoints down". The "move checkpoints up" button moves the checkpoints of that station to the previous station, appending them to the end of the checkpoints of the previous station. The "move checkpoints down" button moves the checkpoints of that station to the next station. In "move checkpoints down", the checkpoints being moved should be appended to the front of the checkpoints of the next station. Also, the checkpoints should be kept in the original order.

As an example, if station 1 has checkpoints in the order A B C, station 2 has checkpoints in the order D E F, and station 3 has checkpoints in the order G H I, then if we press "move checkpoints up" for station 2, the checkpoints D E F should be moved the end of the checkpoints of station 1. Station 1's checkpoints should now be in the order A B C D E F; If we press "move checkpoints down" for station 2, its checkpoints should be moved to the front of the checkpoints of station 3. Station 3's checkpoints should now be in the order D E F G H I.

Also, if the station that we're moving checkpoints for has a checkpoint that is currently being selected/highlighted (i.e. in the this.mapHighlight object), then don't move all of the checkpoints. If "move checkpoints up" is clicked, move the checkpoints from checkpoint 0 up to the checkpoint being selected (including that checkpoint); If "move checkpoints down" is clicked, move the checkpoints from the checkpoint being selected to the last checkpoint (including the original checkpoint). If the station itself is being selected and not one of its checkpoints, then just move all of the checkpoints.

For example, if a station has 10 checkpoints and checkpoint 3 is currently selected, then if "move checkpoints up" is clicked, move the checkpoints 0, 1, 2, and 3 to the previous station. If "move checkpoints down" is clicked, move the checkpoints from 3 to 9 (including 3 and 9) to the next station. 


Make sure that the code can run in the end.
