
Stuff to do:
Add support for image icons. Also make some image generators for basic images (circular image, text image).
Add z-indexes, allowing for users to put things on top of each other.
Make the animation generator fetch a json directly, so no uploading is needed.

New progress function for longer lines
Refer to the mtr wiki on the number of trains operating on each line. Make sure it is consistent.
Idea: Separate a "branch editor" from the "line editor" to reduce the number of lines??
The system currently can't simulate transit systems with schedules. The following should be done to accomodate them:
- Make "single-trip" options for lines, where trains disappear when they travel to one end.
- For "single-trip" lines, create "unidirectional" and "bidirectional" options. For bidirectional lines, trains spawn on both ends.
- For the spawning of "single trip" trains, give two options: "scheduled" and "scheduled frequency".
- For "scheduled" spawning, a list of times (in seconds) is given. Trains spawn at each time in the list.
- For "scheduled frequencies" spawning, a list of times is given, along with a list of frequencies. At each time in the list, the frequency is changed to the corresponding frequency value. 
- For the animation player, let the number of seconds be the time since 00:00:00 (24 hour clock). Display the time. Make it possible to start/stop at any time.


Half-finished:
Make images work for the train labels (maybe put a train image and a circle around it.)
Add settings bar (e.g. hiding the lines, enabling/disabling certain lines in the video generator)


Finished:
Idea: Make the generation stage a separate file. It should be a function that takes in the lines json and returns the array of the train positions vs time.
Display the label next to the line in the editor.
Dragging stations around (on the list, not on the map) --> made the move up function, even better as it isn't weird.
Cloning of lines/branches.
Set up auto-travel time function based on distance (account for checkpoints!)
Write the autocheckpoint function to automatically determine progress for checkpoints
Highlight lines when clicking a button
Make autoprogress possible for an entire branch 



Ongoing:
Split the code into shorter readable segments


Later stuff to consider:
- Interface for making new icons (just store images in a string?)